Kazi J. Ahmed, Ph.D., has been teaching electrical and computer engineering since 2001. In 2023, he joined New York Tech as a teaching assistant professor in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering  Technology. Ahmed’s research is focused on 5G/6G technology, the Internet of Things (IoT), communication, and cybersecurity. His work has been featured in several publications, and he holds patents. Ahmed has collaborated with academic  researchers around the world, which resulted in several grants from recognized organizations such as the National Science Foundation and the National Institute of Information and Communications Technology in Japan. He is also involved in research collaboration with a Korean team from Seoul National University of Science and Technology, Sejong University, and Chung Ang University. 
Zakaria Alomari is an assistant professor of computer science at New York Institute of Technology's Vancouver campus. He obtained his Ph.D. in Software Engineering from the University of Quebec in Montreal, Canada in 2022, and his M.Sc. in Software Engineering from Concordia University in Montreal, Canada in 2017. 
  

Lak Amara  specializes in digital signal processing and micro-based systems   with applications in telecommunications.  Electronics  remains one of his favorite areas. After  graduating from the National Polytechnic of Algiers with  the degree  of Engineer in Electronics in the late 70’s,  he worked for three years in the telecommunications industry before attending graduate studies at the Polytechnic Institute  of Brooklyn, NYU. In the late 80’s,  he joined the faculty of the electrical and computer engineering and telecommunications technology department of New York Tech as an assistant professor. Through the years at New York Tech, he was also involved with  consulting with the industry. Amara became the head of his department in 2010 and since then, has been very active maintaining high standards for the programs  under his supervision. Among his many tasks, he is the assessment supervisor for his department,  but also advises students on their academics and often supervises senior student’s projects.

 

Robert Amundsen is the Director of the M.S. in Energy Management program at the NYIT College of Engineering and Computing Sciences. Each year, he helps to plan the annual Energy Conference, an event that brings top experts in the energy and environmental fields to New York Tech.  He is an enthusiastic promoter of energy efficiency, and works tirelessly to protect the environment and save energy wherever possible. Amundsen is an advocate of using innovative technologies in virtual and material classrooms. He encourages students to take advantage of distance learning options in order to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from travel. 
N. Sertac Artan is an Assistant Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at NYIT College of Engineering and Computer Sciences. He earned his Ph.D. degree in Electrical Engineering from New York University (formerly Polytechnic University). Before joining New York Tech, Artan was on the faculty of the New York University School of Engineering. He also worked as an ASIC (Application Specific Integrated Circuit) design engineer and designed integrated circuits for commercial, academic, and military applications. 
